docs: add warning regarding sdk issue (#535)
livepeer/docs: sdks/introduction.mdx

sidebarTitle: "Introduction"
---

<Warning>

> We're aware that some of API request through the SDKs are not working as expected. We're working on a fix and will update the documentation once it's resolved. In the meantime, please use the REST API directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're aware that some API requests through the SDKs are not working as expected. We're working on a fix and will update the documentation once it's resolved. In the meantime, please use the REST API directly.
```
